The DNA sample to be sequenced is combined in a tube with primer, DNA polymerase, and DNA nucleotides ,dATP, dTTP, dGTP, and dCTP,. The four dye,labeled, chain,terminating dideoxy nucleotides are added as well, but in much smaller amounts than the ordinary nucleotides.
The mixture is first heated to denature the template DNA separate the strands, then cooled so that the primer can bind to the single,stranded template. Once the primer has bound, the temperature is raised again, allowing DNA polymerase to synthesize new DNA starting from the primer. DNA polymerase will continue adding nucleotides to the chain until it happens to add a dideoxy nucleotide instead of a normal one. At that point, no further nucleotides can be added, so the strand will end with the dideoxy nucleotide.
This process is repeated in a number of cycles. By the time the cycling is complete, it’s virtually guaranteed that a dideoxy nucleotide will have been incorporated at every single position of the target DNA in at least one reaction. That is, the tube will contain fragments of different lengths, ending at each of the nucleotide positions in the original DNA ,see figure below,. The ends of the fragments will be labeled with dyes that indicate their final nucleotide. You may have heard of genomes being sequenced. For instance, the human genome was completed in 2003, after a many,year, international effort. But what does it mean to sequence a genome, or even a small fragment of DNA?
DNA sequencing is the process of determining the sequence of nucleotide bases As, Ts, Cs, and Gs in a piece of DNA. Today, with the right equipment and materials, sequencing a short piece of DNA is relatively straightforward.
Sequencing an entire genome ,all of an organism’s DNA, remains a complex task. It requires breaking the DNA of the genome into many smaller pieces, sequencing the pieces, and assembling the sequences into a single long "consensus." However, thanks to new methods that have been developed over the past two decades, genome sequencing is now much faster and less expensive than it was during the Human Genome Project^1 
1
 .
In this article, we’ll take a look at methods used for DNA sequencing. We'll focus on one well,established method, Sanger sequencing, but we'll also discuss new "next generation" methods that have reduced the cost and accelerated the speed of large,scale sequencing.